hi in this video we'll be using Adam
yonis attack animation to generate an
animation with our skeleton tool I'll
add a link to his channel in the
description I highly recommend checking
him out as he makes great tutorials on
aprite and how to draw pixel
art now that I have the character
cropped out I'll use it as a style image
and init image to generate a character
that looks similar it's good to use an
init image to help the model generate a
character of the same
size uh once I'm happy with my
generation I'm just going to make some
small edits to make it a bit cleaner for
the animation
generation uh now I'm going to estimate
the skeleton which I Do by going to the
frame I want to estimate and clicking
the
button and then I'm just going to
iterate over all the frames and uh click
estimate button until I have
all all the
poses with all the estimations done I'm
going to generate a few rotations which
I will be using later on during the
generation of the
animation the rotations are useful in a
way that when the animation is facing
away from us it's showing us the back
it's more more helpful for the model to
have a reference image that shows the
character uh in that direction
this is not necessary but it will reduce
the need for uh init images which can be
quite nice and it's a good to know that
that's an option as
well now I'm just going to clean up the
rotation a bit so when we use it for uh
the animation generation it's going to
give us a better results
all right it is time to generate our
animation so make sure you set your
reference
image and then uh fix the camera view
Direction and add a uh color palette in
this case I'm going to use the reference
image and then position yourself at the
correct
frame and then make sure that the uh
layer isn't showing any uh character and
then click generate
and here is the uh first four frames in
the
animation quite nice there's still some
issues I'm just going to go in and uh
fix them manually you can of course
retry or using init images to get even
better results
but that I I believe in in this case
it's probably just faster to uh fix it
by hand it's just a few pixels here and
there that I want to fix and now I'm
going to generate the next
frame so how I'm going to do this I'm
going to position myself so I
am three frames before the frame I want
to generate so you're going to see the
first three frames have characters in
them and only the last frame will get a
new
frame I'm also going to generate into
the layer I am standing on just to show
you that it's possible to do
that so doing this I'm only generating
into one new frame and it's using the
previous three frames as guidance
now here comes the uh interesting part
where the uh animation uh flips so it's
it will start showing us the back but
now because our reference image shows us
uh the front of the body the model has a
much harder time understanding what's
going on especially because like the
move is so is so big so there no there
are no in between frames which means
that the model has a hard time
understanding that it's going from a
right hand back to right hand forward so
what we can do here is use a use init
images so here I'm going to edit uh
color it in blue so the
model has a better time understanding
that it should be facing away from us
instead of uh facing towards
us pretty high init image strength you
might need to play around a bit to see
what works in your
case uh make sure that the
uh uh you don't have the background uh
images showing when you're generating
and make sure your in paint as well so
you can see up uh in the UI where it's
black that's where it's going to
generate uh images and where it's like
you can see the character those are
going to stay the same
so this is one way of doing
things it's pretty good and you can uh
fix it up again generate again to get
even better results but now I want to
show you the other way which is using
the rotation that I cre
so now we have a reference image that is
facing away from us which will make it
much easier for the
model uh to understand uh the uh the
right hand should be to the right
instead of the left hand
but yeah it's pretty good um much better
no in it images needed there's some
weird stuff with the leg being white but
that's pretty simple to fix and some
other minor issues that we will uh we
can easily fix uh manually but you can
also so retry using init images in
painting all the different uh tools Ava
available to
you but I I believe at this point it's
probably easier to just fix it by
hand all right the next four frames are
also facing away from us so I'm going to
generate using the same reference
image and make sure the uh the layer is
empty and then uh click
generate now the uh skeleton isn't
perfect so what I'm going to do here to
get a bit better result I'm going to
go in and uh fix the uh skeleton so I'm
going to click edit
skeleton and then I'm going to click on
the points and then move them to where I
want them to be go to the next frame do
the same
thing
uh and yeah I this will uh help uh
fixing the arm a bit maybe I should have
uh moved the arm AR further down but
that's easy to say
afterwards and yeah the model is
following the uh skeleton quite well so
any mistakes at this point is my fault
not the model's
fault all right uh nice and now we only
have uh three frames left and then the
animation is pretty much
complete so now because the uh animation
is facing towards us I'm going to change
the reference
image and just because I want to show
that you can modify current layer
instead instead of always creating new
ones I selected that as my output method
it doesn't really matter just H makes it
uh cleaner in the UI not having 10
layers so yeah here we have the last
four frames and now it's just cleanup
time making some small
adjustments and manual editing removing
all the frames that I don't want and
keeping the ones that I do want
and putting them on the same
layer here you can see the animation
before manually
editing thank you for watching the video
leave a like or a comment if you want to
support the
project and I will see you in the next
video
[Music]
me